hello and welcome again in
this test
but now my studio so
today we are going to talk about my helmet to
leucate really with which I roll
for several months the mojito helmet
that's what he likes a lot
aesthetically and then he is very
comfortable we feel right away from
when we stand up on the head we feel that it is
very different from what we tried
in the past in terms of comfort then
now what makes this comfort
foremost on the mojito it's going to be the
point it is very light either to
fork out less light you will feel it on
the head is 2 120 grams this helmet
and beyond that, what makes it so successful
in relation to its weight goes is that in
General a 220 g helmet
we are at 200 euros or even more and there
with the mojito we are below 150
euros public
the other important comfort element that
is going to be the inner foams that are
antibacterial washable machine is
thick enough which you will have a
feeling of curiosity constantly
when you wear the mojito other details
I remember that the mojito helmet and
the whole range cast is made in
italy next to bergamo so here we go
find a little class in
Italian skirt chin straps
is leather so it's leather
synthetic marine qr which is the most
high quality synthetic leather from
market and this quality of leather has for
particularity of resisting the ground so this
which can be useful in relation to the
perspiration and other elements
terms of comfort obviously at the level
of jugular you will see a better
touch I want to say that nylon
who when he's going to rub is definitely going
often cause irritation
when we were a little sensitive that's it
can ask some things
problems
so the leather strap is an element
very important now the element the
more important on the helmet the mojito
it is the occipital tightening system
on two joints that will come down
very low
it is unique in castres while there
I deliberately exaggerate obviously you
never put it like that but the
most cases what we are going to tighten
very high at this point we have to the bone
occipital at the back of the skull
it's not always nice
often a pressure point at this level
there I will ride on you Simon whole
after you go serve him and a lot
lower highest level of the neck and
spread the pressure over more width
so you are going to need
if you can the past if they go up
are going to need to squeeze it a lot
less than a traditional helmet for
get a hold quite
secure seeing if you can turn around
here we see that you put it very low
you used to put it in this
position there there is no need for the
squeeze one is on a position where he
already holds very well there is a good
held there is no need to squeeze more
in general a helmet is used in the background
there if I want to squeeze more I can
to go but it's useless here it's going
rather be unpleasant what would have
been indispensable on another father this
what is absolutely useless
on the mojito that's when we arrive
pressure is enough
soon after things as interesting
great comfort and we have a helmet that
is really very very very compact
really it is very very good
the head it goes very very well and it
it's another aesthetic and super point
super interesting but here it is very
compact very rounded with this break
on the back good here it is that it is
awesome and the other big big argument
it is available on 18 colors
different with a base of black and
white base you are going to have some
classic colors black black white
red white red which are colors
that we find very often and on
bikes or on club outfits but
you will be able to have more things
original with yellow fluo yellow
blue fluo the same blue as the team
sky and the sky kit that rolls obviously
with a good part of the helmet range
and of course with the mojito so here at
color level you will find everything
what all you need
you to break that light compact and
especially very comfortable with the mojito
all this makes it the best seller helmet of
the range of the headphone range
just irrespective same
maybe to add otherwise we go it's
perfect everything and say that's okay listen
I'll see you soon for a new
product presentation at staff tester
thank you for following us once
more see you soon